Thunderbolt Daily Standup — Wed, Nov 12, 2025

Meeting ID: STANDUP-2025-11-12-0900
Date/Time: 2025-11-12 · 09:00–09:15 (PST, America/Los_Angeles)
Facilitator: Alex (Tech Lead) — Scrum Master (Sara) is OOO
Sprint: 34 (Nov 3–Nov 14) — Goal: Demo overage events and reduce e2e flakiness
Attendees: Alex (Tech Lead), Mike (Backend), Jules (Frontend), Priya (QA), Diego (SRE), Sam (Product), Tom (Junior Dev), Lin (Design)

⸻

Agenda
	•	Quick Y/T/B (Yesterday / Today / Blockers) — ≤90s each
	•	Call out risks, dependencies, and owner+due if you volunteer an action
	•	Keep meeting to 15 minutes; deeper dives happen after

⸻

Transcript

09:00:03 — Alex (Tech Lead):
“Morning! Sara’s OOO. Same Y/T/B format. The bot’s listening and will ping her with a summary. I’ll timebox.”

09:00:18 — Alex (Tech Lead):
	•	Y: Reviewed PRs #648/#652; finalized usage_exceeded event schema.
	•	T: Pair with Mike on nightly aggregation metrics; review limiter hot path.
	•	B: None.
	•	Risk: Backfill could run hot on staging unless we throttle.

09:01:02 — Jules (Frontend):
	•	Y: Sparkline placeholder done; responsive empty states landed.
	•	T: Settings error states polish; quick a11y pass on chart labels.
	•	B: Waiting on AC for trial user behavior (JIRA-1418).
	•	Ask: Sam, can you finalize by noon?

09:02:10 — Mike (Backend):
	•	Y: Event emitter merged; nightly job behind flag; perf patch in.
	•	T: Wire metrics for nightly job; spike throttling options for backfill.
	•	B/Dep: Need explicit S3 write perms confirmation for batch output.
	•	Ask: Diego, can you confirm before lunch?

09:03:04 — Priya (QA):
	•	Y: Quarantined TEST-472; contract tests green on /v2/limits.
	•	T: Expand contract tests; validate staging seed covers trial/paid/enterprise.
	•	B: Staging seed sometimes inconsistent (weird account states).
	•	Proposal: 30-min merge pause 12:30–1:00 to run clean seed & verify.

09:04:06 — Diego (SRE):
	•	Y: Heap tuning; no prod spikes; S3+IAM created for nightly outputs.
	•	T: Add throttle/CPU guardrails on staging; tune 5XX alerts.
	•	B/Wellness: On-call fatigue after last incident; can swap later this week if needed.
	•	Commit: I’ll confirm S3 perms by 11:30 and set a CPU p95 alert for the backfill.

09:05:01 — Sam (Product):
	•	Y: Drafted AC updates for trials; confirmed demo is directional, not GA.
	•	T: Finalize AC and post in #thunderbolt by 12:00; schedule short stakeholder review tomorrow.
	•	B: None.

09:06:02 — Tom (Junior Dev):
	•	Y: Read the contract testing guide; paired with Priya on flaky repro.
	•	T: Add seed fixtures for enterprise plan and long-running sessions.
	•	B/Dep: Need example payloads for enterprise limits.
	•	Ask: Alex/Mike, can you drop samples in the repo by noon?

09:07:01 — Lin (Design):
	•	Y: Empty-state comps provided; tooltip alignment reviewed.
	•	T: 20-min a11y sweep on Settings (labels, focus order).
	•	B: None.

09:08:05 — Alex (Tech Lead):
“Sounds good. Let’s tentatively accept the 12:30–1:00 merge pause for seed validation. Shout if anything critical comes up.”

09:09:12 — Cross-team Q&A (timeboxed):
	•	Alex ↔ Diego: Backfill throttling = cap concurrent readers; set CPU p95 alert @ 70% for 10 min.
	•	Priya ↔ Tom: Seed order dependency clarified; Tom will run seed + smoke; Priya to validate.
	•	Mike ↔ Alex: Limiter hot path review after standup; 15 minutes only.

09:12:40 — Alex (Wrap):
“Owners and dues were spoken—please follow through. Bot will ship risks/actions to Sara. Ping here if flakiness resurfaces; we’ll extend the merge pause.”

09:14:55 — Meeting ends.
